[Style guide] Grammar and Formatting (#9263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/grammar-and-formatting/structure/paragraphs-and-line-breaks.md

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Paragraphs and Line Breaks
---

## Paragraphs and Line Breaks

### Paragraphs in Markdown

To start a new paragraph, leave an empty line (with no spaces) before adding the new paragraph content.

``` This sentence is the first one in this paragraph.
This second sentence also belongs to the first paragraph.
 
This is the first sentence of the second paragraph. 
```

Line breaks in Markdown
Avoid line breaks when possible. Considering creating a separate paragraph, even inside numbered lists.

If you need to add a line break, use the <br/> HTML element.

Example inside a table:

```| Feature                          | Enabled |
|----------------------------------|---------|
| Feature name<br/>Additional info | Yes     |

> ```

Reviewer: is this supposed to be a markdown table?

Author: Yes, is there a problem with the output? I just tested it and the <br/> tag works with Md

Reviewer: never mind, it looks good! not sure why the preview was bugging out on me before

> Warning:

Reviewer: aside

> Do not use two spaces at the end of a sentence to create a forced line break. Even though this Markdown syntax is supported, is it not immediately visible and we can easily miss these line breaks during peer reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use two spaces at the end of a sentence to create a forced line break. Although this Markdown syntax is supported, it is not immediately visible and can easily miss these line breaks during peer reviews.
```
